WARNING: http://www.engadget.com/rss.xml title changed! Please update feed table/database
Rdio redesigns its Stations feature, promises more customization
We're thrilled to reveal the new and improved Stations today. We've made
stations smarter and custom-tailored to you, creating an effortless listening
experience that highlights the best of Rdio: elegant design and social
discovery.


Hisense cuts the price of its Android tablets: Sero 7 LT drops to $79, Pro to $129
Back to School Is Suddenly More Affordable...And More Tech Savvy!


Casio's new G-Shock watches pack Bluetooth, music remote control
Newcomers like Pebble might be the current darlings when it comes to connected
watches, but it doesn't mean that established players are standing still. Back
at CES, Casio showed a G-Shock watch with Bluetooth (GB-5600A) capable of
receiving calls and text-message notifications (with sound and vibration),
plus automatic time updates from an iPhone. Both also feature music
remote control (via AVRCP, presumably) and the ability to set alarms and
timers from Casio's companion smartphone app.


Harrods Olympus PEN Art Edition includes a custom Vespa scooter, because why not
Special editions with ridiculously expensive extras must be all the rage among
well-to-do gadget fans -- that's the only real explanation we can imagine for
Harrods' new Olympus PEN Art Edition. The kit includes two PEN E-P5s (one
hand-painted), but it also bundles prime lenses, accessories, a training
session... and a customized Vespa scooter. You'll have both the gear you need
for amateur photography and the transportation to your photo shoots. Check out a photo of the Vespa after the break.


Aereo continues expansion, plans service rollout in Miami, Houston and Dallas-Ft. Worth
Starting September 2, more than five million South Floridians will have access
to Aereo's innovative antenna/DVR technology to record and watch live
television online


'The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey' arrives on Netflix UK
Netflix users in the UK needn't look to misty mountains old in order to get
their Tolkien fix. Starting today, Peter Jackson's The Hobbit: An Unexpected
Journey is available for your viewing pleasure, marking a victory for the site
over its competition. Sky Movies has consistently bested Netflix when it comes
to acquiring movies before anyone else, but The Hobbit was one battle it lost. Just make
sure your viewing party is a dragon free zone. We hear they make for terrible
houseguests.


Apple seeks patent to control devices with audio 'hyperlinks'
Remember when Lady Gaga pinged smartphones and presumably alarmed dogs by
transmitting inaudible, high-frequency audio at a concert with Sonic Notify
tech? It turns out Apple's applying for a patent to do something similar,
namely "audio hyperlinking" that can be contained within an audio stream. Cupertino's application says that such sounds waves could be audible or
outside the normal hearing range of 20Hz to 20KHz and "cause an effect in the
user interface" of a receiving device.


Toshiba Excite Write review
It's a tricky thing to name your devices after a verb. And when we say
"tricky," we mean ill-advised. That Toshiba could willfully overlook Excite as
a magnet for terrible (and terribly negative) puns speaks to its distance from
the tablet category (remember the Thrive?). Yet, here we have another
generation of Excite tablets and this, the Excite Write, is the line's top-
shelf offering. But where Samsung's outsized Note skimped on
the HD resolution, Toshiba's gone the opposite direction.


ERROR: Cannot interpret the page!
Engadget Eurocast 033: Three men and a Barbie - 08.08.13
What's starts as a "made in the UK" edition soon deteriorates becomes a
political and moral debate. Ironically, what could be more British than a bit
of casual opinion exchange? Oh, and Barbie goes to Mars.


ERROR: Cannot interpret the page!
Engadget Mobile Podcast 186 - 08.08.13
Didn't get enough of the LG G2 yesterday? Good news, that's the focal point of
this week's Engadget Mobile Podcast. Aside from that, Brad and Myriam reveal
their extended thoughts on the Moto X, HTC One mini and MoDaCo.Switch. As
always, you can get to streaming this episode below.


<urlopen error [Errno 110] Connection timed out>
[Errno 2] No such file or directory: u'http://media.gdgt.com/img/products/484/adi8/adi8-50.jpg'
Take a look at one of the first Xbox One retail units (video)
Our own Major Nelson has created a special surprise and we couldn't be more
pumped to share this


Canonical drops Ubuntu Edge price to $695 for rest of crowdfunding campaign
Canonical's Indiegogo campaign for the Ubuntu Edge smartphone had an
auspicious start, but it slowed down after the first few days. The Linux
developer may have just rekindled interest, however, by dropping the regular
price of the Edge from $775 to $695 for the last two weeks of the crowdfunding
drive. Part supplier deals helped reduce the manufacturing costs, Canonical
explains.


PlayStation 4's game recording and streaming features not tied to PlayStation Plus
Sony's PlayStation 4 allows any owner to stream, record and share game footage
with or without a subscription to Sony's PlayStation Plus service. That stands
in stark contrast to Microsoft's admission yesterday that the aforementioned
features (and some other functionality) won't work on its Xbox One without a
subscription to Xbox Live Gold.


PayPal trials mugshot verification in UK stores
PayPal employees at the company's UK headquarters are tired of having to use
traditional payment methods when buying their rocket and crayfish sarnies. It's almost an affront, in fact, so they're pushing local retailers in
Richmond Upon Thames to trial an updated, entirely PayPal-based system that
uses photo authentication to make things faster.


NASA details mission to discover whether Europa moon is habitable
With potential oceans flowing below its icy surface, NASA thinks Jupiter's
Europa moon is promising candidate to harbor organic life. As such, the space
agency and its JPL laboratory are looking to send a lander there within a
decade, and have detailed what it wants it to explore in a new paper. Researchers also looked at potential landing sites, and were
torn between a more interesting, active site like "Thera Macula" and a more
stable location with ancient geology.


Sony's special edition red laptops coming to the US, prices start at $2,000
SAN DIEGO, CALIFORNIA, August 8, 2013 - Sony is raising the status of its
VAIO® Duo, Pro and Fit models by releasing a limited number in a lustrous,
rich, glossy red. The VAIO® | red edition is distinctly Sony featuring
exquisite details, extreme portability and speedy performance.


Batman Zing! Whammo! Pows! his way to YouTube's top superhero spot (video)
Bruce Wayne may be on permanent vacation with Selina Kyle, but that hasn't
stopped Batman from topping YouTube's list of most popular superheroes. Based
on views and amount of content, the Dark Knight is number one, racking up 3
billion pairs of eyes on 71,000 hours of video. That's 213 trillion hours you
spent watching the antics of a flying rodent with daddy issues -- or roughly
42,000 views per hour of footage. More surprising than that though, is who
came in second place. Ouch.


E-book publishers side with Apple, ask DoJ to scrap new price-fixing rules
Apparently Apple isn't the only company thinking the US Department of
Justice's recently imposed remedies against it were "draconian. " US publishers
HarperCollins, Simon & Schuster, Penguin and others have also ganged up on the
DOJ with a legal brief opposing the punitive restrictions. In it, they say the
watchdog is "attempting to impose a specific business model on the publishing
industry," despite assertions it wouldn't play that role.


ERROR: Cannot interpret the page!
YouTube founders create Mixbit: Vine-like video sharing with a difference
Social Network-backed video sharing apps are all the rage, and now the biggest
boys in school have woken up to the idea. MixBit is the brainchild of Chad
Hurley and Steve Chen, better known as the founders of YouTube, and is a
Google Ventures-backed iOS app that lets you record up to 16 seconds of video. Unlike Vine, however, you don't just have the ability to edit your own clips,
but also to remix other people's contributions to create movies up to an hour
long.


Google Play Music All Access makes its European debut in nine countries
Three months after Google Play Music All Access debuted in the US and a month
after it launched Down Under, the music subscription service has finally made
its way across the globe to Europe. Well, to nine European countries at least. According to Google's support page, it's now available in Austria, Belgium,
France, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Portugal, Spain and the UK. As with the
other countries, there's a promotional offer to help you get started.


T-Mobile gains 1.1 million customers in Q2 2013, ups revenue 20 percent to $6.3 billion
It looks like T-Mobile was onto something with its UnCarrier remake, as the US
wireless outfit picked up 1.1 million customers in Q2 2013 and saw a major
boost in revenue. It also managed to keep postpaid churn (turnover of
customers on contract) to its lowest level ever at 1.58 percent. The carrier
said the numbers were helped by its Jump upgrade program and Simple Choice
family plans, launched just last month.


ERROR: Cannot interpret the page!
IBM Research reveals new silicon chip foundation inspired by the human brain (video)
SAN JOSE, Calif. - 8 Aug, 2013: Scientists from IBM (NYSE: IBM) today unveiled
a breakthrough software ecosystem designed for programming silicon chips that
have an architecture inspired by the function, low power, and compact volume
of the brain. The technology could enable a new generation of intelligent
sensor networks that mimic the brain's abilities for perception, action, and
cognition.


<urlopen error [Errno 110] Connection timed out>
[Errno 2] No such file or directory: u'http://media.gdgt.com/img/products/487/ag6o/ag6o-50.jpg'
Sony's HT-ST7 soundbar melds HiFi with Bluetooth and NFC for $1,299
The new Sony HT-ST7 soundbar delivers the best audio for both movies and
music.


Comcast tests cloud DVR app for iOS, brings live TV and recordings to mobiles
Comcast announced plans for cloud based recordings with its upcoming X2
platform rollout, but FierceCable has spotted an iOS app in iTunes that's
ready for the feature. Published by Comcast Interactive Media, the Comcast
Labs DVR app promises access to user's cDVR service while behind their Comcast
modem. " There's no hint as to
when this will be available for more people, but the evidence is clear that it
will take on competition including Sling, DirecTV's Nomad and TiVo's Stream.
'NoneType' object is not iterable
BMW i8 to use smartphone-style hardened glass for noise and weight reductions
We're used to seeing toughened glass on our phones and tablets, where it
protects screens from chips and cracks. BMW, however, plans to use the
substance on a much grander scale -- the automaker just revealed that its
upcoming i8 hybrid will be the first mass-produced car to use hardened glass. The currently unnamed material will reduce noise and weight in windows behind
the windshield.


